src/index.md, before:

---
layout: 'layouts/home.html'
title: 'Home'
meta:
  desc:
    '11st-Starter-Kit is a minimal starting point for building static websites
    with 11ty, powered by Vite with Tailwind CSS and Alpine.js.'
intro:
  title: 'Welcome to Your Eleventy App'
  desc:
    'For a guide and recipes on how to configure / customize this project, check
    out the <a href="https://www.11ty.dev/docs/" class="text-gray-900
    font-medium underline">Eleventy</a> and <a href="https://vitejs.dev/"
    class="text-gray-900 font-medium underline">Vite</a> documentation.'
---

## Community

[Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/news/discord/) -
[Vite](https://chat.vitejs.dev/) - [Tailwind
CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/discord) - [Alpine.js](https://discord.gg/CGmj5nq)

## Awesome

[Eleventy](https://github.com/scottishstoater/awesome-eleventy) -
[Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/awesome-vite) - [Tailwind
CSS](https://github.com/aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss) -
[Alpine.js](https://github.com/alpine-collective/awesome)

## Ecosystem

[Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/) - [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) -
[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - [Alpine.js](https://github.com/alpinejs/alpine/)

Commit message:

feat: Add Mulish var font

src/index.md, after:

---
layout: 'layouts/home.html'
title: 'Home'
meta:
  desc:
    '11st-Starter-Kit is a minimal starting point for building static websites
    with 11ty, powered by Vite with Tailwind CSS and Alpine.js.'
intro:
  title: 'Welcome to Your Eleventy App'
  desc:
    'For a guide and recipes on how to configure / customize this project, check
    out the <a href="https://www.11ty.dev/docs/" class="font-medium text-gray-900 underline">Eleventy</a> and <a href="https://vitejs.dev/"
    class="font-medium text-gray-900 underline">Vite</a> documentation.'
---

## Community

[Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/news/discord/) -
[Vite](https://chat.vitejs.dev/) - [Tailwind
CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/discord) - [Alpine.js](https://discord.gg/CGmj5nq)

## Awesome

[Eleventy](https://github.com/scottishstoater/awesome-eleventy) -
[Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/awesome-vite) - [Tailwind
CSS](https://github.com/aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss) -
[Alpine.js](https://github.com/alpine-collective/awesome)

## Ecosystem

[Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/) - [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) -
[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - [Alpine.js](https://github.com/alpinejs/alpine/)

## Font test
### Almost before we knew it, we had left the ground.
